{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Growing up in a small coastal town taught me that simplicity often holds more beauty than extravagance. Every morning, the sun would rise gently over the water, painting the sky with shades of orange and pink. I used to sit on the old wooden pier with a cup of tea, listening to the rhythm of the waves. The sea had a way of speaking \'97 not in words, but in whispers that carried a sense of calm no human voice could match. Those moments shaped the way I see the world even today.\
My father ran a small workshop where he repaired fishing nets and wooden boats. It wasn\'92t a glamorous job, but it was one built on patience and precision. I would watch him mend ropes that looked impossible to fix, and he would tell me, \'93If you take your time, everything finds its way back together.\'94 At that age, I didn\'92t realize he was talking about more than nets \'97 he was teaching me about life. Years later, when I faced challenges that seemed too tangled to solve, his words came back to me like the tide returning to the shore.\
Life moved slowly in that town. We didn\'92t measure success by wealth or possessions but by how much time we spent together. On weekends, families gathered near the lighthouse, sharing food, stories, and laughter as children chased one another along the sand. I often think about how rare that feeling of community has become. In cities, people walk fast, talk little, and rarely look up from their phones. Progress has brought convenience, but it has also created distance \'97 not just between people, but between moments.\
When I left home for college, I was excited but also scared. I wanted to see the world, to experience something beyond the boundaries of that quiet coastline. But the city was louder than I had imagined \'97 full of traffic, ambition, and a kind of restlessness I couldn\'92t quite describe. It took months before I realized that finding peace in a noisy world is a skill, not a gift. I learned to slow down, to make time for sunsets even between deadlines and crowded trains.\
Now, whenever I visit home, I walk back to the pier where everything started. The boards creak a little more than they used to, and the air smells faintly of salt and seaweed. The world has changed, and so have I, but some things remain the same \'97 the sound of the waves, the warmth of the sunrise, and the quiet wisdom of a small town that once taught a restless child how to listen.\
}