{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Global warming refers to the steady increase in the average temperature of the Earth\'92s surface, mainly because of human actions that release greenhouse gases. This rise in temperature is a defining feature of modern climate change. Scientists have observed that the warming trend has been particularly rapid over the past century, with the last few decades recording the hottest years in history. Most of this heat is trapped in the atmosphere by gases such as carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide, which are emitted from burning fossil fuels, deforestation, and industrial processes.\strokec2 \
\strokec2 The scientific community is nearly unanimous in agreeing that human influence is the main factor driving the current changes in the Earth\'92s climate. The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased dramatically since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution. Before large-scale industrialization, atmospheric CO\uc0\u8322  levels remained relatively stable for thousands of years. However, with the widespread use of coal, oil, and gas for energy, these levels have reached heights not seen in over three million years.\strokec2 \
\strokec2 The effects of global warming are visible across the planet. Polar ice caps and glaciers are melting at accelerating rates, contributing to rising sea levels that threaten coastal communities. Extreme weather events such as hurricanes, floods, and wildfires are becoming more frequent and intense. Changing rainfall patterns are also affecting agriculture, leading to food insecurity in many parts of the world. Marine ecosystems are under pressure as warmer waters cause coral bleaching and disrupt aquatic life cycles. These interconnected impacts reveal how sensitive the Earth\'92s systems are to even slight temperature changes.\strokec2 \
\strokec2 Scientists warn that if the current trajectory continues, the planet could experience catastrophic consequences. An increase of just 1.5\'b0C above pre-industrial levels is enough to cause irreversible damage to many ecosystems. To mitigate these risks, nations around the world have adopted international agreements such as the Paris Accord, which aims to limit global warming by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Achieving these goals requires a combination of cleaner energy sources, sustainable agriculture, technological innovation, and global cooperation.\strokec2 \
\strokec2 While progress is being made, experts emphasize that time is running out. Transitioning from fossil fuels to renewable energy is essential, but it must happen quickly and equitably. Developing nations need financial and technological support to adapt to new environmental realities. Each year of delay increases the cost and difficulty of reversing the damage. The fight against global warming is not just a scientific or political issue\'97it is a moral responsibility shared by all humanity.\strokec2 \
}